# Meeting 1: September 5th, 2017 || 2:30 PM – 3:50 PM 
***Attendees***: Nicolas Stencel, Manuel Vargas, Naumaan Hassan, Keenan Jabri <br />
***Things Discussed***: During this meeting, we discussed each of our ideas for the project and decided on developing a digital teacher’s assistant, ProTA. We brainstormed early functionality and the different features it could potentially sport. We also exchanged contact information so that we could discuss project development with each other at any time. We were essentially testing the waters, getting to know each other, and beginning the processes towards developing our final group project.

Meeting 2: September 7th, 2017 || 2:30 PM – 3:50 PM
	Attendees: Nicolas Stencel, Manuel Vargas, Naumaan Hassan
	Things Discussed: During this meeting we got clarification as to what exactly we needed to provide on our Deliverable I, as well as how we would structure it in our GitHub repository. We also divided the points we needed to hit between ourselves and gave everybody a due date as to when these tasks needed to be accomplished. We were continuing to lay the groundwork, and also had talk about potential logo ideas.
